A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. An hour of woes and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! This day we fight!|

The big sycamore by the creek was gone. The willow tangle was gone. The little enclave of untrodden bluegrass was gone. The clump of dogwood on the little rise across the creek--now that, too, was gone.|

Don't you ever talk about my friends! You don't know any of my friends. You don't look at any of my friends. And you certainly wouldn't condescend to speak to any of my friends.|

Youth is not enough. And love is not enough. And success is not enough. And, if we could achieve it, enough would not be enough|

For no government is better than the men who compose it, and I want the best, and we need the best, and we deserve the best.|

She takes just like a woman, yes, she does.
She makes love just like a woman, yes, she does.
And she aches just like a woman,
But she breaks just like a little girl.|

Then I'll be all aroun' in the dark. I'll be ever'where--wherever you look. Wherever they's a fight so hungry people can eat, I'll be there. Wherever they's a cop beatin' up a guy, I'll be there. . . . An' when our folk eat the stuff they raise an' live in the houses they build--why, I'll be there.|

Shel Turtlestein was many things, but above all he was my friend. When I didn’t get a date with Fiona Gunderson, Shel was there. When I didn’t get to play the part of Tevye, Shel was there. And when a raccoon broke into my room, unfortunately, Shel was there.|

It is rather for us the living, we here be dedicated to the great task remaining before us--that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they here gave the last full measure of devotion--that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain, that this nation shall have a new birth of freedom, and that government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the earth.|

It was a creed written into the founding documents that declared the destiny of a nation: Yes, we can.
It was whispered by slaves and abolitionists as they blazed a trail towards freedom through the darkest of nights: Yes, we can.
It was sung by immigrants as they struck out from distant shores and pioneers who pushed westward against an unforgiving wilderness: Yes, we can.|

Sweet Portia,
If you did know to whom I gave the ring,
If you did know for whom I gave the ring
And would conceive for what I gave the ring
And how unwillingly I left the ring,
When nought would be accepted but the ring,
You would abate the strength of your displeasure.|

If you had known the virtue of the ring,
Or half her worthiness that gave the ring,
Or your own honour to contain the ring,
You would not then have parted with the ring.|

When everybody talks during the lesson,
The rebel does’n say a word.
When nobody talks during the lesson
The rebel does’n say a word.
When nobody talks during the lesson ,
The rebel creates a disturbance.|

When everybody wears a uniform ,
The rebel dresses in fantastic clothes.
When everybody wears fantastic clothes
The rebel dresses soberly.|

Where now? Who now? When now?|

Who is here so base that would be a bondman? If any, speak; for him have I offended. Who is here so rude that would not be a Roman? If any, speak; for him have I offended. Who is here so vile that will not love his country? If any, speak; for him have I offended|

When I was a child, I spoke as a child; I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things.|

The time for the healing of the wounds has come. The moment to bridge the chasms that divides us has come.|

The minister who has been called by God, ordained by God, appointed by God, and anointed by God, is assumed guilty until proven innocent.|

Caesar has his province: there are laws which govern property, maritime law, fiscal law, theological law -- which determines the lengths of robes and so forth.|

Are they Hebrews? So am I. Are they Israelites? So am I.|

The time is now, the need is now, we must act, now!|

There is nothing wrong with America that cannot be cured by what is right with America.|

Are we downhearted? - No we are not! Are we defeated? - No we are not! Are we depressed? - No we are not!|

We are born to sorrow, pass our time in sorrow, end our days in sorrow.|

In a desert land he found him; And in the waste howling wilderness, about, he led him; He instructed him; As the apple of His eye He kept him.|

Perhaps this is the most important thing for me to take back from beach-living: simply the memory that each cycle of the tide is valid, each cycle of the wave is valid, each cycle of a relationship is valid.|

Hourly joys be still upon you!
Juno sings her blessings upon you.|

The moth and the fish eggs are in their place,
The bright suns I see and the dark suns I cannot see are in their place,
The palpable is in its place and the impalpable is in its place.|

There is no Negro problem. There is no Southern problem. There is no Northern problem. There is only an American problem.|

She is a woman, therefore may be woo'd; She is a woman, therefore may be won; She isLavinia, therefore must be lov’d.|

Well, I say to them tonight, there is not a liberal America and a conservative America — there is the United States of America. There is not a black America and a white America and Latino America and Asian America — there’s the United States of America.|

We worship an awesome God in the Blue States, and we don’t like federal agents poking around in our libraries in the Red States. We coach Little League in the Blue States, and, yes, we’ve got some gay friends in the Red States.|

It was the best of times, it was the worst of times…we had everything before us, we had nothing before us|

Eagerly I wished the morrow;—vainly I had sought to borrow
From my books surcease of sorrow—sorrow for the lost Lenore—
For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore—
Nameless here for evermore.|

There are days we live
as if death were nowhere
in the background; from joy
to joy to joy, from wing to wing,
from blossom to blossom to
impossible blossom, to sweet impossible blossom.|

Last week, he was just fine. Yesterday, he was just fine. And today, he was just fine.|

I’m tired of this job. I’m over this job. I’m done with this job!|

The award for best hair went to Josh. The award for most likely to succeed went to Josh. And the award for most charming? It went to Josh!|

Cause if you liked it then you should have put a ring on it
If you liked it then you should’ve put a ring on it
Don’t be mad once you see that he want it
If you liked it then you should’ve put a ring on it|

I said you're afraid to bleed. [As] long as the white man sent you to Korea, you bled. He sent you to Germany, you bled. He sent you to the South Pacific to fight the Japanese, you bled. You bleed for white people. But when it comes time to seeing your own churches being bombed and little black girls be[ing] murdered, you haven't got no blood.|

To them who are here in the room, to those who are watching on television: Your government failed you; those entrusted with protecting you failed you; and I failed you. We tried hard, but that doesn't matter -- because we failed.|

Now I want you to remember that no bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country.|

Booze sold to a preacher or a high school girl has the same effect as when it's sold to an automobile thief, or a horse thief.|

You have the luxury of not knowing what I know -- that Santiago's death, while tragic, probably saved lives, and my existence, while grotesque and incomprehensible to you, saves lives.|

What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny compared to what lies within us.|

Against yourself you are calling him, 
against the laws you are calling him,
against the democratic constitution you are calling him|

It's just jealousy. I'm jealous. That's what I am. I'm jealous. I don't want to be jealous|

There is only one thing about which I am certain, and this is that there is very little about which one can be certain.|

Take whatever idiot they have at the top of whatever agency and give me a better idiot. Give me a caring idiot. Give me a sensitive idiot. Just don’t give me the same idiot.|

I'm a Pepper, he's a Pepper, she's a Pepper, we're a Pepper. Wouldn't you like to be a Pepper, too? Dr. Pepper.|

You dress like the tube.
You eat like the tube.
You raise your children like the tube.
You even think like the tube.
This is mass madness, you maniacs! In God's name, you people are the real thing. We are the illusion!|

Success hasn’t changed Frank Sinatra. When he was unappreciated and obscure, he was hot-tempered, egotistical, extravagant, and moody. Now that he is rich and famous, he is still hot-tempered, egotistical, extravagant, and moody.|

I've gotta be your damn conscience. I'm tired of being your conscience. I don't enjoy being your conscience.|

She's safe, just like I promised. She's all set to marry Norrington, just like she promised. And you get to die for her, just like you promised.|

And now when I sway to a fitful wind, alone and listing, I will think, maple key. When I see a photograph of earth from space, the planet so startlingly painterly and hung, I will think, maple key. When I shake your hand or meet your eyes I will think, two maple keys. If I am a maple key falling, at least I can twirl.|

I’ll make my heaven to dream upon the crown;
And, whiles I live, to account this world but hell,
Until my mis-shap’d trunk that bears this head
Be round impaled with a glorious crown.
And yet I know not how to get the crown,
For many lives stand between me and home.|

Fie, fie, thou shamest thy shape, thy love, thy wit,
Which, like a userer, abound'st in all,
And uses none in that true sense indeed
Which should bedeck thy shape, thy love, thy wit.|

The United States, as the world knows,
will never start a war.
We do not want a war.
We do not now expect a war.|

Our brothers and sisters in Asia, who were colonized by the Europeans,
our brothers and sisters in Africa, who were colonized by the Europeans,
and in Latin America, the peasants, who were colonized by the Europeans,
have been involved in a struggle since 1945 to get the colonialists, or the colonizing powers, the Europeans, off their land, out of their country.|

With this faith, we will be able to work together,
to pray together,
to struggle together,
to go to jail together,
to stand up for freedom together,
knowing that we will be free one day.|

But more than anything, to me, he was dad.

And what a dad. He loved us with the passion and the devotion that encompassed his life. He taught us to believe in ourselves, to stand up for ourselves, to know ourselves and to accept responsibility for ourselves.|

For the pain, suffering and hurt of these stolen generations, their descendants and for their families left behind, we say sorry.
To the mothers and the fathers, the brothers and the sisters, for the breaking up of families and communities, we say sorry.
And for the indignity and degradation thus inflicted on a proud people and a proud culture, we say sorry.
To the stolen generations, I say the following:
as Prime Minister of Australia, I am sorry.
On behalf of the government of Australia, I am sorry.
On behalf of the parliament of Australia, I am sorry.|

Keep your hands to yourself. Keep your feet to yourself. Keep your belongings to yourself.|

The sky was bright. Her smile was bright. My heart was bright.|

I want pizza, he wants pizza, we all want pizza!|

And when the night is cloudy
There is still a light that shines on me
Shine on until tomorrow, let it be
I wake up to the sound of music,
Mother Mary comes to me
Speaking words of wisdom, let it be Let it be, let it be
Let it be, yeah, let it be
Oh, there will be an answer, let it be
Let it be, let it be
Let it be, yeah, let it be
Whisper words of wisdom, let it be|

I was a child and she was a child,
In this kingdom by the sea,
But we loved with a love that was more than love—
I and my Annabel Lee—
With a love that the wingèd seraphs of Heaven
Coveted her and me.|

I have heard what the talkers were talking, the talk of the
beginning and the end,
But I do not talk of the beginning or the end.|

There was never any more inception than there is now,
Nor any more youth or age than there is now,
And will never be any more perfection than there is now,
Nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.|

He spoke with the wisdom that can only come from experience, like a guy who went blind because he looked at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a pinhole in it and now goes around the country speaking at schools about the dangers of looking at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a pinhole in it.|

In our opinion, the answer to the current situation is not making 10 people redundant. All that achieves is making 10 people redundant.|

With the divine clouds in Heaven above itself, 
I shall feel your touch always!
When I dream of you so deeply during the night,
I shall feel your touch always!
With the warm sweet winds of Summer kissing our faces,
I shall feel your touch always!
When we walk together closely now hand in hand,
I shall feel your touch always!
By the beauty of a most radiant starlit night,
I shall feel your touch always!|

I should do Brutus wrong and Cassius wrong.|

Watchful gaze of an owl,
Sees the trail beast.
The delicate ears of the owl,
Hears the squeak of a mouse.|

The forest is not the one!
Bush is not the one!
Thrush is not the same!|

Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live. It is asking others to live as one wishes to live|

Relationships must be like islands, one must accept them for what they are here and now, within their limits – islands, surrounded and interrupted by the sea|

If I speak in the tongues of men or of angels, but do not have love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and give over my body to hardship that I may boast, but do not have love, I gain nothing.|

every child has a dream about where they can go or what they can become. Whether that dream is to invent something, start something, build something, or create something, it all starts with the basic skills and confidence that only a good education can provide|

You don't want the truth because deep down in places you don't talk about at parties, you want me on that wall -- you need me on that wall|

Hadiya's parents, Nate and Cleo, are in this chamber tonight, along with more than two dozen Americans whose lives have been torn apart by gun violence. They deserve a vote.
Gabby Giffords deserves a vote.
The families of Newtown deserve a vote.
The families of Aurora deserve a vote.
The families of Oak Creek, and Tucson, and Blacksburg, and the countless other communities ripped open by gun violence - they deserve a simple vote|

She is the object of my affection and love, just as I am the object of her affection and love.|

I know the best party. The Democrats are the best party. I will vote for the best party.|

I told you do to it, again. Like last time, I had to repeat myself again. Why do I have to always have to say things again and again?|

